{"name": "Rare Permian Orthacanthus Shark Fossil, Bitten in Half!", "price": "$10,000", "location": "Louisville, CO, US", "details": "Exceptional Antiquities, Ethnographica, Fine Art\nby Artemis Gallery\nNovember 10, 2022 8:00 AM MST \n Live Auction\nLouisville, CO, US", "description": "Additional Details\n\nWestern Europe, Germany, Rhineland Pfalz, Permian, ca. 260 million years ago. This is a spectacular and rare fossil of a Lebachacanthus (Orthacanthus) shark bitten in half by a predator! Despite being the prime apex hunters of the Permian Period, this half-eaten shark makes one wonder about the other creature that inflicted such a fatal attack on prey this large! This intriguing fossil shows a half-eaten shark in the form of a partial torso and head of a large example of this species. If this Lebachacanthus was simply scavenged, it would seem that the remaining skeletal structure that is preserved here would have been more eaten and mangled - instead it is in a relatively intact, albeit half gone. Predation fossils are always fascinating specimens for exhibit but to see a major apex predator as the prey makes this an especially interesting piece! Size (shark fossil): 36\" L (91.4 cm); (matrix): 40\" L x 24\" W (101.6 cm x 61 cm)\n\nThe nature of how these fossils are prepared is some of the most time and labor-intensive tasks in the art world. Every little detail must be ground out by hand, carefully removing all matrix covering the fossil skeleton. To assist, acid is applied to the fossil to removed delicate matrix. Many of these specimens are hastily prepared by simply grinding a level layer off the top of the fossil, often destroying much of the original anatomy. Unlike those methods, this example was professionally prepared by removing the overlying matrix of the three-dimensional anatomy of the fossil, exposing multi-layered detail of the original exquisitely preserved skeleton and skull. The menacing appearance of this shark is further enhanced by the jet-black teeth. The original matrix has been reinforced on the back side with epoxy. This premium specimen includes exposed teeth still in the jaws, preserved high relief to skull, and preserved ejected coprolites that are still present by the cut torso end.\n\nFrom a period in time before the dinosaurs even walked the earth, the bizarre Orthacanthus thrived in prehistoric swamps and bayous in Europe and North America. The Orthacanthus was an ancient freshwater shark that is no longer in existence. It had a very long spine protruding from the back of the head followed by a long ribbon-like dorsal fin that gave it the appearance of an eel. The double forked teeth were another unique characteristic. A full grown Orthacanthus is believed to have grown to 10 feet in length and was one of the most dangerous apex predators that terrorized all creatures that lived in its environment.\n\nSPECIAL NOTE: The current laws in this state of Germany have forbid the collection of these remarkable fossils since 1986. This legislation has permanently ended the supply of such magnificent specimens such as this one being offered here. This rare example was originally collected years prior to the ban.\n\nProvenance: private USA collection, acquired 2012; ex-private German Collection formed in the 1980's\n\nAll items legal to buy/sell under U.S. Statute covering cultural patrimony Code 2600, CHAPTER 14, and are guaranteed to be as described or your money back.\n\nA Certificate of Authenticity will accompany all winning bids.\n\nWe ship worldwide and handle all shipping in-house for your convenience.\n\n#170570\n\nCondition: \nOriginal shark fossil bitten in half, minor repairs, and all original material. Cracks are infilled and blended. Sealer applied to shark and rock is reinforced with epoxy. Superb example with meticulous professional preparation.", "url": "https://www.auctionzip.com/auction-lot/rare-permian-orthacanthus-shark-fossil-bitten-in-_0DD4B50AFB/"}