{"name": "BLACK JACK EASTERN RATTLE SNAKE COWBOY BOOTS", "price": "$50", "location": "Tavares , FL, US", "details": "Nov 19th Auction Fine Art And Antiques\nby RB Fine Arts\nNovember 19, 2022 12:00 PM EST \n Live Auction\nTavares , FL, US", "description": "Additional Details\n\nBlack Jack Eastern Rattle Snake Cowboy Boots. Size: 10 D, Ht:12\", TOE: J, and a HEEL:4\" Please carefully read our terms of sale, shipping information, and request any condition reports or photos prior to placing a bid. Any condition statement is given as a courtesy to a client, is only an opinion and should not be treated as a statement of fact. RBFineArts CFL INC. shall have no responsibility for any error or omission. The absence of a condition statement does not imply that the lot is in perfect condition or completely free from wear and tear, imperfections, or the effects of aging. Please email for a condition report and photos, if desired. Emails should be received at least 48 hours in advance of the date of the auction. Please make sure you have read the Terms and Conditions* before you bid. ALL ITEMS ARE SOLD AS IS!. Any registration and/or bid placed by you guaranteed RBFineArts CFL Inc. you have read and will abide by the following Terms and Conditions of the sale. Transportation of buyer's items: For a charge of 15.00 per invoice, RBFineArts Shipping Inc. will pick up and transport your item's from the offices of RBFineArts CFL Inc. All OTHER transport to any other third party shipper there will be a 25.00 transport fee, there will be no exceptions for this condition. The buyer is responsible for paying for shipping, packing, and transport, etc. RBFineArts CFL Inc. is not responsible for packing, shipping, or transport of any items from buyer's invoice. *Please see terms and conditions for additional information on payment and shipping options.\n\nMedium: \nAnimal Skin, Leather\nCondition: \nREAD CAREFULLY! Good condition see pics Descriptions provided in both printed and online catalog formats do not include condition reports. The absence of a condition statement does not imply that the lot is in perfect condition or completely free from wear and tear, imperfections, or the effects of aging. Interested bidders are strongly encouraged to request a condition report on any lots upon which they intend to bid, prior to placing a bid. All transactions are governed by RB Fine Arts Conditions of Sale. Each lot will be sold AS IS, WHERE IS with all defects and faults. No warranties or guarantees of any kind will be given by Seller or Auctioneer including any warranty of fitness, merchantability, or suitability. Bidders should, whenever possible, carefully inspect each lot to determine its condition and contents. All weights, counts, and measurements are approximate. Bidder acknowledges that all lots were available for inspection prior to the Auction and that he or she relied solely on their own inspection of the lots and not any information listed in the catalog or otherwise provided by Auctioneer, the Auction staff, or Seller. It is the responsibility of the buyer to obtain all possible lot of information prior to bidding. If you are not completely satisfied with an item before you bid, DO NOT BID.", "url": "https://www.auctionzip.com/auction-lot/black-jack-eastern-rattle-snake-cowboy-boots_94249B8923/"}